[Autogenerated] Let's take a minute for some practical things so that
you are prepared to follow along with the examples.
In this course, you will need to have a few pieces off software on your computer.
To be able to Follow along.
First of all, obviously, you'll need a J.
D.
K.
You probably already have it on your system,
but in case you haven't, you can download it from Oracle's website.
There are also a number of other parties that offer bills off open J.
D K.
For example, Adopt Open J.
D.
K.
I will be using Jaedicke 11 since JavaScript current long term support.
Jaffa released all the example projects in this course Army even projects,
so you'll need Apache May even to build them.
You can get Apache may, even at May, even not Apache to Torque.
I will use intelligent idea for the demos,
but you are free to choose whatever IDE you want to
use for some of the examples, we will use a message broker.
I chose to use rabid mq because it's open source available for free
and because it's popular and supported by spring,
you can install rabbit and Q directly on your system.
but I'm going to use Docker to run rabbit.
Mq.
It's not absolutely required to do this with Docker,
but I'll use that because it makes it super easy to install,
Start and stop are evident you in a container sandbox without having to install it separately on my system.